# Password Locker

This python shell application was created in order to allow a user to store/generate passwords for his/her various accounts.Developed during Moringa Core. This is Week 3's Independent Project.
Date: 28th September 2018
By: Donald Kiplagat

## Description
This shell application allows a user to create an account whereby he can store his/her passwords just incase their ever forget about them.

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Git clone the project from github
* Launch it using your terminal with the following code $ ./run.py


### Known Bugs
All credentials are shown instead of exclusive.

### Behaviour Driven Development
* The program should return a users credentials when "ViewAccount" is chose.<br> 
Given: LogIn is successful<br>
When: "AddAccount" is chosen<br>
Then: One is able to add an account to store their password<br>

* The program should create a new user when SignUp is chosen.<br>
Given:User doesn't have an account<br>
When: User chooses "SignUp" <br>
Then: The user should be able to create an account<br>


* The program should display all accounts when "ViewAccounts" is chosen.<br>
Given: User wants to check his accounts<br>	
When: User chooses "ViewAccounts" from the options<br>
Then: A list of all his/her accounts are displayed.
 
* When the user chooses to generate a password an automatic password will be generated by the system.


### Technologies Used
* Atom was the source code editor of choice.
* Git and Github were used as my local and online repositories respectively.
* Python Shell Terminal was used for launching the application.


### Support and contact details
* Contact me through my email: donald.k.kiplagat@gmail.com
* The source code is also contained within the folder containing this ReadMe with comments on the code thus third-party support can be offered.

### License
Moringa School
Copyright (c)2018 **Password Locker by Yours Truly-Donald Kiplagat**
  
